Here you go.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Please let me do anything
Please, I can't run away anymore.
The hand hurts too much
Don't worry, I've found it for you.
You must like it.
Don't ask
You'll know in a while
Drink, drink, drink, drink, drink
Hey, Brother Fei, Brother Fei
Phineas
Yo, this is the new horse brought by Fei Ge, right?
Let me introduce you to my girlfriend
Brother Fei has a good eye.
What about during the day?
You can chat with everyone online
Sing with everyone tonight
Dance and chat, right?
Come to the beautiful woman for a drink
Come have a drink
Drinking, drinking, drinking, drinking.
Drink. Drink.
Don't you drink
The beautiful woman called by Fei Ge will dance for everyone
Dance dance dance dance
Dance, dance, dance, dance.
Dance dance dance
Oh jump up get high
Get up get up get up oh
That was really good. That was really good.
I don't want to sing